faq, sql-statements: update out of date info (#3418)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-set-variable.md

## MySQL compatibility

> The following behavior differences apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following behavioral differences apply:
```

Author: I believe behavior is more correct.

* Changes made with `SET GLOBAL` will be propagated to all TiDB instances in the cluster. This differs from MySQL, where changes do not propagate to replicas.

> * TiDB presents several variables as both readable and settable. This is required for compatibility, since it is common for both applications and connectors to read MySQL variables. For example: JDBC connectors both read and set query cache settings, despite not relying on the behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiDB presents several variables as both readable and configurable. This is required for MySQL compatibility, because it is common for both applications and connectors to read MySQL variables. For example: JDBC connectors both read and configure query cache settings, despite not relying on the behavior.
```

Author: I believe it should be 'set' not configure, because this is for the statement 'set'. I will merge in the other suggestions.

> * Changes made with `SET GLOBAL` will persist through TiDB server restarts. This means that `SET GLOBAL` in TiDB behaves more similar to `SET PERSIST` as available in MySQL 8.0 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changes made with `SET GLOBAL` will persist through TiDB server restarts. This means that `SET GLOBAL` in TiDB behaves more similar to `SET PERSIST` as available in MySQL 8.0 and later.
```
